# [JSL07] Submission: Proud of your Progress
# Project overview
In this project I had to create a personalized certificate of achievement with the "Proud of Your Progress Certificate Generator". This web application requires users to input their name, a personalized message, and the course name to dynamically generate a certificate displayed in a modal.

# Project Process
* For the project after accessing the starter code from the github repository, I adjusted the code by first adding the reference to the elements for the input for the personal message and the course name. I then added the html elements and content required inside them to display the information and input values for the student name, personal message and course name when the certificate is generated. All of this is added inside the string literals. I then added onto the function to add an event listener to the close modal variable which has assigned to it the span element which has a cross which will be used to close the certificate, for that part of the code , I first added the addEventlistener function and added the click parameter, inside the callback function I added the code logic which targets the style property of display which has it set to none to hide the modal div element which contains the certificate inside it, this will allow upon clicking the close span element the modal div element to hide.
* I then added an extra feature to have a button which will allow the download of the certificate as a pdf. This is achieved by creating an element which is a button and adding a class to which will be used to add styling in the css file, the button has the content to it set to "downloadButton" and then appended inside the modal div element. I then have an event listener for the download button which when clicked it will have an object which sets the settings for when the html content is converted to a pdf file, which also sets the name of the file to the student name input and certificate string. The is a function which converts the HTML to PDF and using the from function which has the parameter which selects where to fetch the HTML information and the  set function which gets the settings of the pdf convertion from the object variable and the save function to save the document.

# Challenges
For this challenge the first problem I faced was the adjustment of the logo image size to make sure that it matched the examples provided. The second problem I faced was when I had to add the feature for adding the button which downloads the certificate as a pdf file, the issue was that when a user generated the pdf and closed it and converted another certificate without refreshing the webpage it would download multiple files and when I first tried to solve it, it would then generate multiple buttons. To solve the solution I had to the  make sure the function for the eventlistener should be outside the cardform callback function and also have to move the studentName variable outside the cardform callback function to make it a global variable and also declare it using let instead of const because you can not declare a const variable without initializing it, this helped to ensure that I can still get the studentName input value outside the cardform callback function when downloading the pdf and also prevent multiplication of downloading and button creation.

# Feedback
From the main objectives of the project, this was straight forward and not too challenging. The additional feature I decided to add made were more fun and challenging and more specifically the debugging of the issues I had stumbled on, I also noticed the were more feature's I could have added if I had adequate time before submission, feature's such as restricting how the user should add their name and surname for student name input by preventing number's inside the input or by only allowing the user to input a name that start's with an upper case alphabet followed by lower case alphabet's by utilising regular expression.





